[DOCS] Hint to enable defaultJS to use spamProtect (#691)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Setup/Config/Index.rst

         setting it to >= 2 means a "z" is converted to "\|" which is a special
         character in TYPO3 tables syntax – and that might confuse columns in
         tables.)
         

>          It is required to enable the default JS and not disable it. (see `removeDefaultJS`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         It is required to enable the default JavaScript and not disable it. (see :ref:`removeDefaultJS <setup-config-removedefaultjs>`)
```
